please go nut buddy to boil your host
gaming cuz here and I'm bream guess I'm
gonna Black Ops 2 gameplay conte and
this time it's personal kill confirm on
a map in Yemen using the factory and yes
this is a pc gameplay finally like you
guys are coming salient like my pc you
know my pc friends I'll i send my pc
subscribers a birthday on that yes we
see finally yes this is a pc gameplay
and the reason why i'm a basically
uploading pc right now because of
sleight of MC since you can't make all
my videos anymore since he got an egg
bosses which tally he likes sold his ps3
and then he bought I bought an xbox and
he thinks I it actually he said that
xbox has been much better than a PHP but
I don't think so so yeah but anyways
guys that's not the main topic of this
comes your gameplay the main topic will
be why am I such an axis youtuber why am
i searching left it in that enacted guy
on my youtube and let me explain why
it's basically because of the exams on
my school and you know I have to study a
lot a lot more than playing and stuff
like that because you know school is
it's like it's important school is
important so I really have to you know
study hard and you know do my test and I
have like three tests up tomorrow I have
two tests tuesday and stuff like that so
it's really really really annoying like
I can't even like I can't even play
anymore because you know I need to study
and I'm really scared of of reading this
class I seriously don't want to redo
this but since I you know I walk back to
my grades so I do you don't want to be
do discuss so I need to pass pass pass
past right away and I really don't like
high school um I like high school but I
don't like high school tests like I i
really get first really like I'm really
like I get really shaky when exams are
coming and stuff like that and I just I
just need to start a lot a lot more than
playing and that's basically why I'm
such imma such an accident youtuber on
my channel because I need study for my
dance and yeah I gotta admit sometimes
I'm too lazy to do a common sorry
sometimes I can't sometime I can just do
commentary but i'm really lazy hedo just
just just relaxing like watching TV and
stuff and I'm like I can do a comment
right now but I just say um on my TV and
eat popcorn and just watch some great
netflix our movie and stuff like that so
yeah so this basically why I'm searching
active and I'm really sorry if like I
don't reply to all comments obviously
try to reply to all my subscribers now
so I'll basically try because I'm just
enacted so and i'll also sorry because I
spend I speed up a lot of this gameplay
and by the way you're black so bad oh my
god I forgot his name but anyways you
will be in the description down below
you helping me to get this gameplay and
yeah so um I want to also see in this
commentary sorry this is not my best
commentary just wanna pull something
like that you know some because some
sometimes you know when i'm done and
when I'm not uploading game place some
of my subscriber just unsubscribe
because I'm just inactive I'm just to
inactive and I really want to be a hex
in my channel but I have to finish your
test
and I need to pass this year so I'm real
sorry if i don't reply to all comments
or do I don't know I'm just really sorry
if I'm really an active from this
channel and when the exams are finished
I would basically do is schedule and
like your channel update so how because
I've enjoyed if you did feel free to
click that like button somewhere we
really appreciate it and hope you guys
will enjoy and subscribe if you need to
the channel and I'm really sorry if I
speed up this video again so I'm out
peace and also i did a clan lame
legendary so me my boy crazy asian kid
did this then so you guys can go sub on
the legendary channel so go ahead and
click the smash the sub button under
some on this legendary in yeah so if you
guys wanna join the clan also just send
me a message or mean crazy asian kid and
also action boss patient guy whatever so
yeah so just send us a message we'll see
your skills and we will maybe except you
guys so I'm out peace